OPSEXP-3375: retire broken template (#487)
Alfresco/alfresco-helm-charts: README.md

  by updatecli according to the supported matrix, eventually revert manually
  unwanted changes and push again.
* Ensure that all the charts are getting a GA release (non-alpha) at this point.
* Ensure the any deprecation warning is added to the global

>   [UPGRADE.md](../UPGRADE.md) file & the version about to be published indeed
>   remove the plannedremoval as stated in this same file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [UPGRADES.md](../UPGRADES.md) file & the version about to be published indeed
  remove the planned removal as stated in this same file.
```
